if you're looking to buy some coins for
FIFA 15 Ultimate Team make sure to check
out UT coins for you a cheap reliable
and automated the place to get your
coins
guaranteed to deliver your coins in
seconds and use discount code Chris MD
for five percent off all purchases
hello guys is chris here and welcome
back to another FIFA 15 pack opening so
EA released special packs for the first
time in FIFA 15 yesterday they released
15k packs at 5 p.m. yesterday evening so
what was I doing at 5 p.m. yesterday
evening playing golf see the problem is
you watch the Ryder Cup and all these
professional was playing insane shots
and you think yeah how hard can it
actually be you know I played golf when
I was 5 so I went to go and play golf at
5 p.m. obviously I was actually wearing
you know a polo shirt and the proper
golf attire but it's in the wash now and
we're on a low budget here okay three
hours later so anyway I managed to play
golf
for the exact three hours that EA
released k-pax hello alright Chris this
amount of golf that yeah is right I mean
I only managed one part that's
improvement on last time oh if you see
no 15k part off the first time in fifa15
Wow evening sorted well they were out
when were they released five o'clock
when they expire eight I forgot sake I
didn't even win the golf it's the same
every time isn't it you play a bit of
Tiger Woods PGA Tour 2004 and think
you're a boss in real life then you turn
off and you can't actually play for sure
but luckily EA did actually release
another happy hour they do the us happy
hour so that was at 1:00 a.m. UK time so
that was fun that'll be at the end of
the video but I got some decent packs so
here's the pack opening let us open the
first pack of this pack opening Messi on
the pack come on I'm feeling good about
this pack we get Sammy Nasri yeah
brilliant
Sammy Nasri absolutely brilliant love
that Blair we got Sammy now sweet so
that's alright we get a nice for a
player left mid that's a great pack
solve move to be honest
Oh got a money back on that pack so you
can never complain
about that can you skip oh yes Sonya the
to Arsenal one city players what is this
sign yourselves for a bit so we'll take
that
Oda PI Memphis depay he's a five-star
skill or isn't he
I'm fairly sure he sells for quite a lot
oh okay I'm wrong base else for a decent
amount I'm gonna have to use him in a
team because he looks absolutely sick
let's go for the classic forehead pack
oh my god that could have gotten any
worse that one in my eye that's what she
said banter um that analog stick
straight into my eyeball yes come on
here going let's have something good in
this one you know what just no screw you
here going get out oh we got mini laid
that's actually that's actually not bad
8201 zhu kitch he is actually quite a
good player on Ultimate Team he scored a
loads of goals against me a skip oh we
get Morales there we go the pack locks
turning it is skip we get peppy we
that's the first play over like an 82
we've had in half an hour so sad
existence hazard let's skip all we get
obviously Chamberlin Coutinho in the
same pack that's looking a bit better
but I don't think they self and watch
Tim and I enjoyed some Ventnor together
oh forget the informed if it actually
worked
it actually was saying Bendtner worked
in my stream who would have guessed oh
my god wow that's probably one of the
weirdest prac techniques have used or
not fake it or ever
Lord Ben must be shining down on us
somewhere guys he must be what a pack
our first inform after what 10050 points
today God knows how much money overall
we get our first inform I'm happy I hope
you guys are happy
this guy looks pretty happy everyone's
happy mirth is like a top pack I'm not
sure how that's gonna work good
suggestion good in order to in the
Mertesacker shot pack probably the first
one on youtube and the last one on
youtube because we get one friend go
home
skip oh we got Filipe luís that's
actually our first decent player in a
long whoa-ho well except for the inform
which was two backs ago and I sort of
Kris I swear he's like 10 days me are
there there we go 20k good player very
good player at least it's not Cesc
fàbregas this time
me Oh John Terry it's not about all
right all right 4k come on Tim well yet
for fun that's a good play up that is a
good player 83 while we getting in this
one right here we get piss
wow he's out of pace downgrade why have
you done that you sport really 15k fair
enough is above 10k is another quality
player right so ei have just released
another happy hour basically it's 1:00
a.m.
everyone are asleep in my house
including my parents so 15k packs were
out if I get anyone good in these packs
I'm stuffed
come on all we get Nasri we've just got
Nazeri again that is good another 84 we
got them in the first pack of the actual
pack opening that's waiting Gonzalo here
going oh we get to stug and he's good
keeper actually come on let's go higher
than 84 Oh Carl Walker that's right you
saw squat on last pack what are we
getting in this one we get REME
all sort of Chelsea player thought was
Diego Costa oh so that is the end of
this pack opening we got an inform for
the first time so we can have no
complaints we did spend a lot of money
though and the pack lock wasn't
particularly with us but um the stream
was interesting as I've said before if
you guys interested in watching mystery
make sure to head on over to my twitch
and follow me I've almost got 10,000
followers on there know so that's going
really well make sure to follow my
twitter that's why I announce when I'm
doing everything videos streaming pretty
much everything related to my youtube if
you want to check out my previous video
it was another pack opening sorry my
voice is going if you want to check out
my previous pack opening some one side
of me that went pretty well we got a few
decent players so make sure to go check
that out and all of my other videos make
sure to give this video a like guys
thank you for watching make sure to
subscribe as always and I shall see you
later